update README to provide more info about operator (#119)
openshift/cluster-openshift-apiserver-operator: README.md

# OpenShift API Server Operator

> The OpenShift API Server operator manages and updates the [OpenShift API server](https://github.com/openshift/origin). The operator is based on OpenShift [library-go](https://github.com/openshift/library-go) framework and it

Reviewer: _S_erver

Reviewer: on the OpenShift library-go framework

 is installed via [Cluster Version Operator](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-version-operator) (CVO).

It contains the following components:

* Operator

> * Configuration observer

Reviewer: that's confusing, isn't it? two components? Two pods?

Author: two internal systems, copied from kube apiserver... i can rename to 'sub-systems'

# OpenShift API Server Operator

The OpenShift API Server operator manages and updates the [OpenShift API Server](https://github.com/openshift/origin). The operator is based on OpenShift [library-go](https://github.com/openshift/library-go) framework
 and it

>  is installed via [Cluster Version Operator](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-version-operator) (CVO).

Reviewer 2: Should the relationship the CVO be more than just "installed via"? for examples:
> The OpenShift API Server operator is managed and updated by the Cluster Version Operator.

It contains the following sub-systems:

* Operator
* Configuration observer

By default, the operator exposes [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io) metrics via `metrics` service.
The metrics are collected from following components:

> * OpenShift API Server Operator

Reviewer 2: Is this *component* the Operator *sub-system* from above?

## Configuration

> The configuration observer component is responsible for reacting on external configuration changes.

Reviewer 2: Maybe something as to why is it doing this? e.g.:
```suggestion
The configuration observer component reacts to external configuration changes in order to manage the configuration of the OpenShift API Server .
```

For example, this allows external components ([registry](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-image-registry-operator), etc..)
to interact with the OpenShift API server configuration ([OpenShiftAPIServerConfig](https://github.com/openshift/api/blob/master/openshiftcontrolplane/v1/types.go#L13) custom resource).

Currently changes in following external components are being observed:

* `cluster` *images.config.openshift.io* custom resource
  - The observed CR resource is used to configure the `imagePolicyConfig.internalRegistryHostname` in Kubernetes API server configuration
* `cluster` *projects.config.openshift.io* custom resource
  - The observed CR resource is used to configure the Project request defaults
* `cluster` *ingress.config.openshift.io* custom resource
  - The observed CR resource is used to set `routingConfig.subdomain` in the OpenShift API server configuration.
   

The configuration for the OpenShift API server is the result of merging:

* a [default config](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-openshift-apiserver-operator/blob/master/bindata/v3.11.0/openshift-apiserver/defaultconfig.yaml)

> * observed config (compare observed values above) `spec.spec.unsupportedConfigOverrides` from the `openshiftapiserveroperatorconfig`.

Reviewer: wrong formatting:
* a [default config](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-openshift-apiserver-operator/blob/master/bindata/v3.11.0/openshift-apiserver/defaultconfig.yaml)
* observed config (compare observed values above)
* `spec.spec.unsupportedConfigOverrides` from the `openshiftapiserveroperatorconfig`.

# OpenShift API Server Operator

The OpenShift API Server operator manages and updates the [OpenShift API server](https://github.com/openshift/origin). The operator is based on OpenShift [library-go](https://github.com/openshift/library-go) framework and it
 is installed via [Cluster Version Operator](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-version-operator) (CVO).

It contains the following components:

* Operator

> * Bootstrap manifest renderer

Reviewer 3: no

> * Installer based on static pods

Reviewer 3: delete

to interact with the OpenShift API server configuration ([OpenShiftAPIServerConfig](https://github.com/openshift/api/blob/master/openshiftcontrolplane/v1/types.go#L13) custom resource).

Currently changes in following external components are being observed:

* `cluster` *images.config.openshift.io* custom resource
  - The observed CR resource is used to configure the `imagePolicyConfig.internalRegistryHostname` in Kubernetes API server configuration
* `cluster` *projects.config.openshift.io* custom resource
  - The observed CR resource is used to configure the Project request defaults

The configuration for the OpenShift API server is the result of merging:

* a [default config](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-openshift-apiserver-operator/blob/master/bindata/v3.11.0/openshift-apiserver/defaultconfig.yaml)
* observed config (compare observed values above) `spec.spec.unsupportedConfigOverrides` from the `openshiftapiserveroperatorconfig`.

All of these are sparse configurations, i.e. unvalidated json snippets which are merged in order to form a valid configuration at the end.

## Debugging

> Operator also expose events that can help debugging issues. To get operator events, run following command:

Reviewer 3: link to the must-gather tool

```
$ oc get events -n  openshift-cluster-openshift-apiserver-operator
```

This operator is configured via [`OpenShiftAPIServerOperatorConfig`](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-openshift-apiserver-operator/blob/master/pkg/apis/openshiftapiserver/v1alpha1/types.go#L12) custom resource:

```
$ oc describe openshiftapiserveroperatorconfig
```
```yaml

> apiVersion: openshiftapiserver.operator.openshift.io/v1alpha1

Reviewer 3: this is about to change
